fix(curriculum): clarify underscore variable and introduce range (#55507)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-the-bisection-method-by-finding-the-square-root-of-a-number/65ef1be2b958cabf712296cd.md

Now you'll repeatedly narrow down the interval by finding the midpoint of the current interval and comparing the square of the midpoint with the target value.

> For that, inside the `else` block, create a `for` loop that runs up to `max_iterations` times. To iterate you can use range function, it returns a sequence of numbers, starting from 0 by default, and increments by 1 (by default), and stops before a specified number.

Reviewer: From the instruction, it seems the campers would utilise the `range(start, stop)` variation.
The tests are only valid for `range(stop)`.

You can either modify the instruction to match the test or vice verca.

> For that, inside the `else` block, create a `for` loop that runs up to `max_iterations` times. To iterate you can use range function, it returns a sequence of numbers starting from 0 and stops before a specified number.
> 
> You should use `_` as a loop variable. The `_` acts as a placeholder and is useful when you need to use a variable but don't actually need its value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For that, inside the `else` block, create a `for` loop that runs up to `max_iterations` times.

For your loop, use `range` function, which generates a sequence of numbers you can iterate over. The syntax is `range(start, stop, step)`, where `start` is the starting integer (inclusive), `stop` is the last integer (not inclusive), and `step` is the difference between a number and the previous one in the sequence.

Also, use `_` as a loop variable. The `_` acts as a placeholder and is useful when you need to use a variable but don't actually need its value.
```

Author: @Dario-DC thanks for suggestions. Updated PR.

> You should use `_` as a loop variable. It is a conventional way to indicate intentionally unused variables when you are not utilizing the loop variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `_` as a loop variable. The `_` acts as a placeholder and is useful when you need to use a variable but don't actually need its value.
```

Now you'll repeatedly narrow down the interval by finding the midpoint of the current interval and comparing the square of the midpoint with the target value.

For that, inside the `else` block, create a `for` loop that runs up to `max_iterations` times.

> For your loop, use `range` function, which generates a sequence of numbers you can iterate over. The syntax is `range(start, stop, step)`, where `start` is the starting integer (inclusive), `stop` is the last integer (not inclusive), and `step` is the difference between a number and the previous one in the sequence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For your loop, use the `range` function, which generates a sequence of numbers you can iterate over. The syntax is `range(start, stop, step)`, where `start` is the starting integer (inclusive), `stop` is the last integer (not inclusive), and `step` is the difference between a number and the previous one in the sequence.
```
Oops, I missed the article in the suggestion
